Beta description:    Alpha fruition is the the final version of our project. We achieved three main functions, map, curriculum schedule and canteen respectively. Also, we add several features to our program, for instance, modification for user Info in the menu Bar of main Frame, beautifications of Operation Frame and Login Frame and optimization of the server and so on. Our app was tested that it is ok to run mac and windows platformBefore starting our program, you need to do the following things firstStep1:	Use mysql files in a folder named mysql in the top level directory of the zip file, where contains some files downloaded from mysql created my own personal computer. There are six tables in total in our database chopchop(in mysql directory, there¡¯s also a file named mysql.txt which tells you how exactly we created these tables). Before uploading these files to mysql, you need to use the following instruction to create a database named chopchop:create database chopchop;Step2:	Next, get into the src folder to find a class named DishInfoToDB in package util, where you can run the class to insert 40 dishes¡¯ pictures into mysql. Step3:	After you build the environment, you could begin to start our program. First, you should open the server though running a class named MyServer.java in package server. Second, come to the main package to run the main class. When you come to the login frame, you could use the root account (account:cc, password:123) or open your own account in register frame to login in the opearation frame of our program. After that, you could enjoy our app~

Copyright DeclarationsWhat we¡¯d like to specify is that, to achieve the connection between server and mysql database, we use a library named mysql-connector-java5.0.8-bin.jar. In addition, in order to achieve the video player function. We used APIs of one software named VLC by its provided libraries including vlcj-3.0.1.jar and platform-3.5.2. Last, to put music In the beginning, we used a library named audio.jar